Expose waypoint and route detection methods publicly. (#3746)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `MapView.showsTileSet(with:layerIdentifier:)` and `MapView.setShowsTileSet(_:with:layerIdentifier:)` to provide the ability to show and hide custom tile set identifiers on the map view. ([#3700](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3700))
* Fixed the route layers disappearance in preview mode and in passive navigation when map style changes. ([#3734](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3734))

> * Added the `NavigationMapView.mapViewTapGestureRecognizer`, `NavigationMapView.waypoints(on:closeTo:)` and `NavigationMapView.routes(closeTo:)` to be able to detect waypoints and routes on the map view. ([#3746](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3746))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `NavigationMapView.mapViewTapGestureRecognizer` property and the `NavigationMapView.waypoints(on:closeTo:)` and `NavigationMapView.routes(closeTo:)` methods for configuring how the map view responds to tap gestures when previewing a route. ([#3746](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3746))
```
